what is going on guys as black friends
310 back with my second episode of
gaming on the motorola xoom and today's
specimens are air attack HD part 1 and
samurai to vengeance by popular demand
on my first video of gaming on the
motorola xoom so beginning with aerotek
HD part 1 this is the free version if
you want thing about it that way and
will give you access to the first three
levels so let's go ahead and get it
fixed up right here there we go and
let's go ahead and continue my last game
and the paid version is about two
dollars and eighty-seven cents on the
android market and in my opinion is
worth it and as you see right here i can
shoot some two different planes one has
a flam door and one has Gatling guns
and this is like your upgrade checkpoint
area between levels depending on how
much money you earn you can buy
different upgrades so i'm going to buy
side planes and a turret and there we go
let's back out of there so you control
the planes by moving your finger across
the screen it's pretty easy and very
responsive and as it gets to the
graphics are very sharp and very
detailed very saturated and it look very
nice
you
let's put in some work right now
Oh
give it a loop give me the loot gimme
the loot give it a loop and there you go
mission one is completed and again the
full game is about two dollars and
eighty-seven cents in the android market
don't recommend it I say yes go ahead
and get it guys so next up we have semi
right to vengeance which is a pretty
cool game it's a top-down hacking / game
like ninja gaiden ricotta war 3 and here
is the boot up screen on the bottom you
got your menus obviously you got the
campaign mode the dojo chapter selection
help guide and a plan to exit the game
itself and in the dojo you're basically
just spot a place of enemies over and
over again to see how long you can
survive and let's get back into the
campaign real quick let's resume this
game is about 5 bucks in the android
market so keep that in mind of course so
over here is a d-pad you've got a roll
button right here and bunch for light
and heavy attacks and right here is like
your little store / inventory menu where
you can buy more health and new combos
and as you see the game has really cool
graphics is very cartoony but it's a
very cool art I like it a lot and the
graphics look very nice
cut his head off let's go pretty cool
little game here oh it has gone great
man all right let's go ahead and try out
again man cut that Bulls head out
memorizer is complete badasses ah cut
his leg off I forgot his body a nap
right there
parental advisory is recommended ah I'm
gonna fight die again because i suck man
if you don't roll all this got died
oh I got against all right that is about
it guys just a quick look at semi right
to vengeance on the android market for
price of around five dollars so it's a
bit pricey but it is worth it in my
opinion and I would say go ahead and get
it I hope you guys enjoyed today's
episode of gaming on the motorola xoom
get me some recommendations down below
on game just a feature in the next
episode of gaming on the motorola xoom
and if you haven't already check out
episode 1 by clicking the link right
here thanks for watching guys and I will
see you in the next video take care